
**1. Definitions**  

**“Affiliate”** of a party means any legal entity in which a party, directly or indirectly, holds more than fifty percent (50%) of the shares or voting rights or controls or is under common control with that legal entity.  

**“Agreement”** means these General Terms and Conditions and any Order Form referencing these General Terms and Conditions, and any other schedules, supplements, statements of work, exhibits or appendices thereto, whether attached or incorporated by reference.  

**“Client”** means the entity or individual that has consented to this Agreement by execution of an Order Form that references these General Terms and Conditions or by any other legally binding method of acceptance of this Agreement.  

**“Client Data”** means any proprietary content, materials, data and information that Client or its Named Users enter into the Service.  

**“Documentation”** means Stibo Systems’ then-current technical and functional documentation for the Service which is made available to Client with the Service, including, but not limited to, configuration workbooks or release notes, as applicable.  **“Confidential Information”** means all information of a confidential or proprietary nature disclosed whether in writing, orally or by another means and whether directly or indirectly by a party to the other party  whether before or after the date of this Agreement including in respect of the disclosing party: (a) details of suppliers, agents and distributors and their terms of business, the prices charged to and terms of business with clients, marketing plans and sales forecasts, financial information, results and forecasts, business plans; (b) secrets of the design of products; (c) business methods; (d) information provided by any person in circumstances which imply that the information is to be kept confidential by the recipient or where the provider of the information has expressly imposed upon the recipient a duty to keep such information confidential; (e) information made available to the receiving party which is either marked as confidential or its confidential nature is expressly drawn to the attention of the receiving party. 

**“Hosting Environment”** means the IT infrastructure consisting of computing and networking services made available through a managed service provider as a subcontractor of Stibo Systems which is used to provide the Services. 

**“Named User”** Means individually named employees of Client who have been registered by name.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Named User is not licensed on a “concurrent user” or “seat” basis, but only for use by specific Named User. A Named User can be removed and replaced by a new Named User. 

**“Order Form”** means all written order forms or other ordering documentation (including, if Client is ordering the Service online, a registration Webpage or Website) entered into by Stibo Systems and Client containing the pricing, subscription term and other specific terms and conditions applicable to the Service.  

**“Order Form Start Date” and “Order Form End Date”** mean the dates for the start of the Service and similarly the last date of the Service if not prolonged. 

**“Professional Services”** means configuration, implementation, training and other similar services related to the Service.  “**Stibo Systems**” means the Stibo Systems local entity identified by the Order Form as providing the Service to Client.  **“Service”** or “**Software**” or “**STEP**” means the proprietary Stibo Systems software called STEP delivered as a SaaS-service and as described in the Order Form.  

**“Statement of Work” or “SOW”** shall mean a detailed written and agreed description of Professional Services to be delivered to Client. 

**2. Usage** 

2.1 Stibo Systems shall make the Service available to Client in accordance with and during the term stated in the Order Form to permit Named Users to remotely access and use the Service in accordance with the metrics listed in an Order Form and the Documentation.  
2.2 When using the Service, Client shall not (a) copy,  disassemble, decompile, reverse-engineer any parts of the Service; (b) modify the Service outside public application program interfaces (API’s) or non-configurable parts of the Service (c) transmit any content, data or information that is unlawful, malicious, tortious, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy right or right of publicity; (d) infringe the intellectual property rights of any entity or person; (e) interfere with or disrupt the Stibo Systems Services and Hosting Environment; (f) use the Service in the operation of a service bureau, outsourcing or time-sharing service in competition with Stibo Systems; (g) circumvent or disclose the user authentication or security of the Service or any host, network, or account related thereto; (h) access the Service for the purpose of building a competitive product or service or copying its features or user interface; or (i) make any use of the Service that violates any applicable local, state, national, international or foreign law or regulation.  
2.3 Subject to confidentiality obligations, Client grants to Stibo Systems the nonexclusive right to use Client Data for the sole purpose of and only to the extent necessary for Stibo Systems to provide the Service.  
2.4 Client shall be responsible for entering its Client Data into the Service and Client shall be responsible for the content of the Client Data. Client agrees that it has collected and shall maintain and handle all Client Data in compliance with all applicable laws, including data privacy and protection laws, rules and regulations. Client is solely responsible for determining the suitability of the Service for Client's business use of the Service.  
2.5 HIGH RISK USE.  Client shall not use the Services for any application where a failure of those Services could result in death, serious injury, environmental damage or property damage.  Examples of prohibited uses include medical life  support  devices,  water  treatment  facilities,  nuclear  facilities,  weapons  systems,  chemical  facilities,  mass transportation, aviation and flammable environments.  Client acknowledges that Stibo Systems makes no assurances that the Services are suitable for any high-risk use. 
2.6 Stibo Systems shall be entitled to monitor Client’s number of Named Users (or other applicable usage metric stated in the Order Form) regarding usage of the Service to ensure Client’s compliance with this Agreement and, subject to confidentiality as laid out in this Agreement, Stibo Systems may utilize the information concerning Client’s use of the Service to improve Stibo Systems products and services and to provide Client with reports on its use of the Service.  
2.7 Stibo Systems may change or modify the Service at any time. Stibo Systems shall not materially diminish the functionality of the Service during the term of the Order Form.  
2.8 Client and Stibo Systems may agree to utilize third-party software and services during the term of the agreement. The terms and conditions of the software or service including warranty and liability provisions are set forth in read me files or similar and are given by the external licensor(s). 
2.9 Terms  and  conditions  for  the  Hosting  Environment  may  change  from  time  to  time.  Changes  to  the  Hosting Environment may not diminish the functionality, performance or security of the hosting. Changes will be announced in  advance  and  applied  as  a  change  management  procedure  via  the  Stibo  Service  Portal (https://service.stibosystems.com).  
2.10 To enable Stibo Systems to provide the Services, Client grants Stibo Systems the right to use, process and transmit Client’s content. If Client’s use of the Service includes third-party programs, Client acknowledges that Stibo Systems may allow providers of those third-party programs to access the Services, including Client’s content and Client’s applications, as required for the interoperation.  Stibo Systems will not be responsible for any use, disclosure, modification or deletion of Client’s content or Client’s applications resulting from any such access by third-party program providers or for the interoperability of such third-party programs with the Services. 


**3. Intellectual Property Rights** 

3.1 Stibo Systems owns all right, title and interest in any and all copyrights, trademark rights, patent rights and other intellectual property or other rights in the Service, and any improvements, design contributions or derivative works thereto. Except as otherwise agreed in writing, Client is granted the nonexclusive right to use the Service subject to the terms of this Agreement. Except for the limited rights expressly granted herein, this Agreement does not transfer from Stibo Systems any proprietary right or interest in the Service.  
3.2 Stibo Systems may provide Client with access to third-party content. The owner or licensor of the third-party content retains all intellectual property right ownership to the content and grants Client a limited license to use the content. The license is subject to the applicable terms as specified by the owner or licensor and as notified to Client. Any third- party content provided by Client is considered Client Data and it is Clients responsibility to ensure correct licensing.  
3.3 Client Data is the sole and confidential property of Client and no intellectual property rights are transferred as a consequence of this Agreement. Client grants a limited license to process the Client Data for the sole purpose of delivering the Services. 


**4. Additional Services** 

4.1 The parties acknowledge that there may be numerous actions required to configure the Services for Client’s specific use. This Agreement does not include services other than Professional Services purchased in an Order Form or a separate SOW.  
4.2 Pursuant to a SOW, Stibo Systems will provide Professional Services. Client will provide information and assistance for the purpose of rendering the Professional Services, such as access on an as-needed basis to personnel, data processing, hardware and software systems. Client shall obtain all necessary consents for Stibo Systems personnel to use or access software and equipment necessary for Stibo Systems to provide the Professional Services. Upon final payment of prices under the SOW, Client shall have a nontransferable, non-exclusive, paid-up right and license to use the work product created pursuant to the SOW for professional services and subject to any restrictions of any third-party materials embodied in the work product. 
4.3 If Client elects to have any services provided by a third party, Stibo Systems shall have no liability for any defect or failure of the Service caused by such third-party services, and Client shall not be entitled to any reduction in prices for the Service. Stibo Systems may deny access to the Service to any third-party service provider which Stibo Systems determines in its reasonable discretion poses a security or confidentiality risk to Stibo Systems, data or intellectual property. 


**5. Prices and Terms of Payment** 

5.1 Client shall pay to Stibo Systems the prices for the Services according to the invoicing cycle as set out in an Order Form.  
5.2 Client shall pay to Stibo Systems the fees for the Professional Services as specified in an Order Form, Statement of Work or elsewhere in this Agreement. Any services performed by Stibo Systems at Client’s request that are not otherwise specified on a mutually executed Order Form, Statement of Work or elsewhere in this Agreement, will be billed to Client, and Client shall pay for same, at Stibo Systems’ then-current time-and materials rates. 
5.3 Client may add additional Named Users or other applicable usage metrics during the term of the Order Form by executing an addendum or additional schedule to such Order Form, as applicable, which shall then become an integral part of the amended Order Form.  
5.4 Client is responsible for monitoring its use of the Service. At the end of each calendar year, Client shall promptly report to Stibo Systems any actual use in excess of the number of Named Users (or other applicable usage metric authorized in the Order Form). Stibo Systems shall invoice and Client shall pay for any usage in excess of the usage metrics set forth in the applicable Order Form and Client agrees to execute an addendum to such Order Form to reflect any excess. Such price shall accrue from the date the excess use began. For the avoidance of doubt, Client shall not be entitled to claim any reduction of the prices payable under the Order Form or reduce the Named Users (or other applicable usage metric) during the term of an Order Form or renewal.  
5.5 All purchases of subscriptions are non-cancelable and all prices are non-refundable. Client shall have no right to withhold or reduce prices under this Agreement or set off any amount against prices owed for alleged defects in the Service. 
5.6 All undisputed prices not paid when due shall accrue interest at the maximum rate allowed under applicable law, and may result in suspension of Client’s ability to access the Service until payment is made.  
5.7 All prices, costs, fees and other charges payable under the Agreement shall not include any taxes now or hereafter levied. Client shall be responsible for all of such taxes. If any such tax or duty has to be withheld or deducted from any payment under this Agreement, Client will increase payment under this Agreement by such amount and shall ensure that after such withholding or deduction Stibo Systems shall have received an amount equal to the payment otherwise required. Client shall communicate to Stibo Systems its taxation identification number(s) attributed by (i) the country where Client has established its business, and/or (ii) any other country where Client has established a fixed establishment, to which the Services under this Agreement are provided. Client shall promptly pay or reimburse Stibo Systems for all reasonable and documented costs and damages related to any liability incurred by Stibo Systems as a result of Client’s non-compliance or delay with its responsibilities herein.  
5.8 Upon expiry of Order Form End Date prices for Services are subject to annual index regulation according to the development in the Consumer Price Index in the country where the contracting Stibo Systems entity is residing. 
5.9 Client shall reimburse Stibo Systems for all reasonable travel and related administration and expenses incurred by Stibo Systems in performing any support or Professional Services for Client under this Agreement.  

**6. Term, Termination and Termination Support**

6.1 The term of this Agreement begins on the date of execution of the Order Form and shall expire when there are no active Order Forms. The term of an Order Form begins on the date set forth in the applicable Order Form and shall continue in effect as described in the Order Form. Termination of individual Order Forms shall leave other Order Forms unaffected. 
6.1.1  Stibo Systems will need a ramp-up time of up to two weeks before the Services are accessible. If the Order Form is executed less than two weeks before the applicable start date set forth in an Order Form there may be a delay. Client waives any claim for delays in this respect. 
6.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party may terminate an Order Form upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other party of such other party’s material breach of any provision of this Agreement unless the breaching party has cured such breach during such thirty (30) day period.  
6.3 In case of non-payment of undisputed invoices, Stibo Systems will issue reminders with no less than ten (10) business days’ notice. If two notices have passed, Stibo Systems may suspend access to the Services.  
6.4 Stibo Systems may, in its reasonable determination, deactivate Client’s user name(s) and password(s) and/or temporarily suspend access to the Service or a portion thereof, if and to the extent Stibo Systems can substantiate that the continued use of the Service may result in harm to the Service (including the security of the systems used to provide the Service) or other Stibo Systems Clients, or the rights of third parties, upon prior written notice to Client as the circumstances permit. 
6.5 Upon the effective date of termination, Client’s access to the Service will be terminated. Client shall have the ability to access its Client Data at any time during the subscription term set forth in the applicable Order Form, unless earlier terminated. Client may export and retrieve its Client Data for a period of forty-five (45) days after the effective date of termination. Extraction of Client Data is subject to technical limitations caused by factors such as (i) the availability of self-service extraction tools compatible with the Service, (ii) the size of Client’s instance of the Service; and (iii) the frequency and/or timing of the export and retrieval.  
6.6 Stibo Systems will delete all Client Data after the effective date of termination plus forty-five (45) days, unless instructed to do so earlier by the Client. 
6.7 Articles meant to continue after termination of this Agreement shall survive the termination.  

**7. Warranties** 

7.1 Stibo Systems warrants that the Service will substantially conform to the specifications stated in the Documentation. The foregoing warranty shall not apply to the extent: (i) the Service is not being used in accordance with this Agreement and/or any Documentation; or (ii) any non-conformity is caused by third party products, content or service being accessed through the Service that are identified as third-party products, content or service; or (iii) the Service being used was provided for no price or is a trial license of the Service. Subject to limitations of liability sections, Client's sole and exclusive remedy, and Stibo Systems’ entire liability for breach of the limited warranty, shall be correction of the warranted non-conformity or, if Stibo Systems fails to correct the warranted non-conformity after using reasonable commercial efforts, Stibo Systems may terminate access to the non-conforming Service and refund the subscription prices paid by Client for such Service (as identified in the applicable Order Form) for the remainder of the subscription term (starting on the date Client reported the non-conformity).  
7.2 Stibo Systems warrants that (i) it will perform any Professional Services in a workmanlike and professional manner consistent with leading practitioners within Stibo Systems’ industry, and (ii) the Professional Services will conform in all material respects with the descriptions set forth in the applicable Statement of Work. If the Professional Services do  not  materially  conform  to  the  determined  specifications,  then  Client  shall  provide  a  written  statement  of nonconformity to Stibo Systems, identifying in detail the basis for the nonconformity, within a 5-business -day period. Stibo Systems will use reasonable commercial efforts to correct the identified nonconformity and redeliver such Professional Services within a period of 15 days (or such other period of time as mutually agreed upon in writing). The testing and notice of acceptance or rejection procedure will be repeated up to 5 times as necessary, using the same timeframes as described above.  If Stibo Systems fails to re-perform such Professional Services as warranted, Client shall be entitled to recover the prices paid to Stibo Systems for such deficient Professional Services.  
7.3 Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither Stibo Systems nor its vendors make any representations, warranties, terms, conditions or statements, express or implied, statutory or otherwise regarding any matter, including the merchantability, suitability, originality, or fitness for a particular use or purpose, non-infringement or results to be derived from the use of or integration with the Service, or any Professional Services, software, hardware or other materials provided under this Agreement, or that the operation of any such Service, software, hardware or other material will be secure, uninterrupted or error free.  
7.4 Both parties represent and warrant the any acts or omissions of a third party or Affiliate who accesses or uses the Services (whether or not such access or use is authorized) on behalf of one of the parties that would constitute a breach or failure of a condition if committed by either Stibo Systems or the Client - shall be deemed a breach of this Agreement by the party. 

**8. Third-Party Claims and Indemnification**

8.1 At its own expense, Stibo Systems shall indemnify, defend and hold Client, their Affiliates, and each of their respective employees, officers, directors and representatives, harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, judgments, penalties, fines, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), arising out of or in connection with any claim that Client’s use of the Service, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, constitutes an infringement or misappropriation of a patent claim(s), copyright, trade secret, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. Stibo Systems will pay damages finally awarded against Client (or the amount of any settlement Stibo Systems enters into) with respect to such claims, and will pay reasonable attorney’s fees in connection with such defense. This obligation of Stibo Systems shall not apply if the alleged infringement or misappropriation results from use of the Service in conjunction with any other software or service or to free (no fee) or trial licenses of the Service other than in furtherance of Client’s use of the Service as contemplated in this Agreement.  
8.2 In the event a third-party claim is made or in Stibo Systems’ reasonable opinion is likely to be made, Stibo Systems may, at its sole option and expense: (i) procure for Client the right to continue using the Service under the terms of this Agreement; or (ii) replace or modify the Service to be non-infringing without material decrease in functionality. If Stibo Systems provides written notice to Client that the foregoing options are not reasonably available, Stibo Systems or Client may terminate this Agreement and Stibo Systems shall refund to Client all prepaid prices for the remainder of its term after the date of termination.  
8.3 Client agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Stibo Systems, our Affiliates, and each of our and their respective employees, officers, directors and representatives, harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, judgments, penalties, fines, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), arising out of or in connection with any claim arising out of (a) the Client Data, including any personal injury, death or property damage (including any damage caused by malicious or harmful code included in data); (b) any sales, goods and services, use, excise, import, export, property, value added or other taxes or duties assessed or imposed on Stibo Systems in connection with or as a result of the storage, shipping or other actions taken with respect to the Services or taken by Stibo Systems with respect to the Client Data; (c) any legal or regulatory violation, arising under the laws or regulations of any country (including without limitation privacy legislation), related to import or export of the Client Data. Client will pay damages finally awarded against Stibo Systems (or the amount of any settlement Client enters) with respect to such claims and will pay reasonable attorneys’ fees in connection with such defense.  
8.4 The obligations in this section are conditioned on (a) the party against whom a third-party claim is brought timely notifying the other party in writing of any such claim, provided however that a party’s failure to provide or delay in providing such notice shall not relieve a party of its obligations except to the extent such failure or delay materially prejudices the defense; (b) the party who is obligated hereunder to defend a claim having the right to fully control the defense of such claim; and (c) the party against whom a third-party claim is brought reasonably cooperating in the defense of such claim. The party against whom a third-party claim is brought may appear, at its own expense, through counsel reasonably acceptable to the party obligated to defend claims hereunder. Neither party shall undertake any action in response to any infringement or misappropriation, or alleged infringement or misappropriation that is prejudicial to the other party’s rights.  

**9. Limitation of Liability**

9.1 Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or limit either party’s liability for (i) death or personal injury caused by negligence, (ii) willful misconduct (iii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, (iv) gross negligence, (v) damages resulting from unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information, (vi) Stibo Systems’ right to collect unpaid prices hereunder, (vii) any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law.  
9.2 SUBJECT TO ARTICLE 9.1 ABOVE, THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF STIBO SYSTEMS (OR STIBO SYSTEMS’ RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES) OR ANY OTHER PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED  AN  AMOUNT  OF  DAMAGES  EXCEEDING  THREE  (3)  TIMES  THE  PRICES  PAID  UNDER  THIS AGREEMENT IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE INCIDENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.  
9.3 Neither  party shall be liable to the other or any other party, for any loss or damage that is (i) consequential, indirect, special or punitive; or (ii) for any loss of profits, loss of business, loss of business opportunity, loss of goodwill, loss resulting from work stoppage or loss of revenue or anticipated savings, whether any such loss or damage is direct or indirect.  
9.4 The provisions of this Agreement allocate the risks between Stibo Systems and Client. The Service prices reflect this allocation of risk and limitations of liability herein. The aforementioned liability limitations shall include any claims against employees of, subcontractors of, or any other persons authorized by either party.  

**10. Confidentiality**

10.1 Confidential Information shall not be used or reproduced in any form except as required to accomplish the intent of this Agreement. With respect to the Confidential Information, each party (a) shall take all reasonable steps to keep all Confidential Information strictly confidential; and (b) shall not disclose any Confidential Information of the other to any person other than individuals whose access is necessary to enable it to exercise its rights and/or perform its obligations hereunder and who are under obligations of confidentiality substantially similar to those set forth herein. As used herein reasonable steps means those steps the receiving party takes to protect its own similar proprietary and confidential information, which shall not be less than a reasonable standard of care. Confidential Information of either party disclosed prior to execution of this Agreement shall be subject to the protections afforded hereunder. If the receiving party is compelled by law or legal process to disclose Confidential Information of the disclosing party, it shall provide the disclosing party with prompt prior notice of such compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and reasonable assistance, at the disclosing party's expense, if the disclosing party wishes to contest the disclosure.  
10.2 The above restrictions on the use or disclosure of the Confidential Information shall not apply to any Confidential Information that: (a) is independently developed by the receiving party without reference to the disclosing party’s Confidential Information, or is lawfully received free of restriction from a third party having the right to furnish such Confidential Information; (b) has become generally available to the public without breach of this Agreement by the receiving party; (c) at the time of disclosure, was known to the receiving party free of restriction; or (d) the disclosing party agrees in writing is free of such restrictions.  
10.3 Client shall not disclose the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the pricing contained herein to any third party. Neither party shall use the name of the other party in publicity, advertising, or similar activity, without the prior written consent of the other, except that Client agrees that Stibo Systems may use Client's name in customer listings. Stibo Systems will make reasonable efforts to avoid having the reference activities unreasonably interfere with Client’s business. 


**11. Miscellaneous**

11.1 Should there be a conflict between the General Terms and Conditions and an Order Form the Order Form shall take precedence. No general terms and conditions contained in a purchase order, order acknowledgement or similar shall be valid.  
11.2 It is the intent of the parties that in case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.  
11.3 If either party should waive any breach of any provision of this Agreement, it shall not thereby be deemed to have waived any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision hereof.  
11.4 The Order Form may be signed in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and which shall together constitute one Order Form. Signatures sent by electronic means (facsimile or scanned and sent via e-mail, or signed by electronic signature service where legally permitted) shall be deemed original signatures.  
11.5 The Service, Documentation and other Stibo Systems materials are subject to the export control laws of various countries, including without limitation the laws of the United States and EU. Client agrees that it will not submit the Service, Documentation or other Stibo Systems materials to any government agency for licensing consideration or other regulatory approval without the prior written consent of  Stibo Systems, and will not export the Service, Documentation and Stibo Systems materials to countries, persons or entities prohibited by such laws.  
11.6 This Agreement is governed by the laws of the country in which the Stibo Systems entity signing the Order Form is located, without regard to its conflicts of law rules. The parties expressly exclude the applicability of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. The parties submit to the jurisdiction of the ordinary courts in the same country. 
11.7 All notices pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given when delivered (certified or registered mail or by an overnight courier services with delivery receipt) to the respective offices of Stibo Systems or Client. Where in this article or elsewhere in this Agreement, a written form is required, except for notification of any notice of termination or notice of a material breach, that requirement can be met by facsimile transmission, exchange of letters or other written form, including email.  
11.8 Except  for  Client’s  payment  obligations,  or  either  Party’s  confidentiality  or  nonuse  obligations,  any  delay  or nonperformance of any provision of this Agreement caused by conditions beyond the reasonable control of the performing party shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement, and the time for performance of such provision, if any, shall be deemed to be extended for a period equal to the duration of the conditions preventing performance.  
11.9 Client may not, without Stibo Systems’ prior written consent, assign, delegate, pledge or otherwise transfer this Agreement, or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or any Stibo Systems materials or Stibo Systems Confidential Information, to any party. Neither a change of control nor an internal reorganization with respect to Client shall be deemed an assignment for purposes of this Agreement. Stibo Systems may assign this Agreement to any of its Affiliates upon written notice to Client. Stibo Systems may in its sole discretion sub-contract parts of the Service to  third-parties,  provided that  Stibo  Systems shall be  responsible  for  the acts and/or omissions  of such sub- contractors. Upon request Stibo Systems will disclose who such sub-contractors are. 
11.10 Nothing contained herein shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between the parties. The relationship between the parties shall at all times be that of independent contractors. Neither of the parties shall be an agent or employee of the other Party. 

